A big man tossing around
He only dares to show his prestige to women
Ye Feifan, you are finally here
Hand over the Tai Chi diagram and jade pendant.
Or I will kill you
Ye Feifan, you bastard
Hurry up and take out what the police dragon wants
Look at your stuff
That's your pleasure.
Yang Feifan, don't force me to do it
Then you can show me
Does he really care if I live or die?
Ye Pingfan, you white-eyed wolf
Are you going to watch us both die?
I owe you Ye family
I've already returned it all to you.
What more do you want?
You're not here to save them
You look down on them too much
I'm just here to kill you
So what are you still doing?
Hurry up
Wait until you kill them
I'll deal with you again.
Ye Feifan, you have something good
Hurry up and take out what the police dragon wants
Since you Ye Feifan said so
Then I'll give you one first.
Lord, kill us
You killed this Ye Ruifan bastard
Everything is on him
Let it go.
Kill us!
Since you are determined to die
Then I will fulfill you